Clarify tag setting (#1168)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-cloud-platform/tags.md

Add tags for specific projects in the Semgrep Cloud Platform through the following methods:

* Set tags through the Semgrep Cloud Platform > Project page.
* Set tags using the Semgrep Cloud Platform API (for Team and Enterprise Tier users).
* Set tags in your repository's `.semgrepconfig.yml` file.

:::caution Setting tags

> * Keep in mind, when setting tags via the `.semgrepconfig.yml` file or Semgrep Cloud Platform API, that these actions **overwrite** any tags previously set.

Reviewer: I would want to be careful of any language that implies we may modify their physical configuration files, if present. Can we keep the existing comment that semgrep will never touch it or modify your changes to include some language around not modifying the files?

Author: i originally found the comment of us never overwriting the `.semgrepconfig.yml` file a bit confusing. it's a true statement but i was thinking why is this mentioned. what if we just change overwrite to supersede?

Author: ```suggestion
* Keep in mind, when setting tags via the `.semgrepconfig.yml` file or Semgrep Cloud Platform API, that these actions **supersede** any tags previously set.
```

Reviewer: I can understand that. I think it can be a difficult balancing game, if I don't mention it it could cause confusion, but if I do mention it that may raise more questions. 

I'm happy approving with the language you currently have :)

Reviewer 2: May I suggest that Sina's primary improvement:
> Keep in mind, when setting tags via the `.semgrepconfig.yml` file or Semgrep Cloud Platform API, that these actions **overwrite** any tags previously set.

**Replace** this sentence:
> Any changes to your tags through Semgrep Cloud Platform will be overwritten after a CI scan due to values present in `.semgrepconfig.yml`.

All the other sentences are best practices, as the title of the callout states. If we only describe the way a feature behaves, we are missing out on guiding the user **on how we want them to use it / safest way for the user to use it to get best results**. If we want to reword it somehow, I'm open to that. 👍

Reviewer 2: Your latest commit sounds good to me :) approving.

> * For example, if you set tags via API and subsequently run a CI scan, then the previous tags set by the API will be overwritten by any tag definitions in the `.semgrepconfig.yml` file of the repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For example, if you set tags through the API and subsequently run a CI scan, then the previous tags set by the API will be overwritten by any tag definitions in the `.semgrepconfig.yml` file of the repository.
```

Google style guide word list:

Don't use "via": [https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#via](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#via)
Don't use repo: [https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#repo](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#repo)
